THIS TEXT BOX IS TOO DAMN SMALL	Technology	5
This is ugly af. It should be shorter and wider. You can specify the rows and columns in the tag. An example is shown in the link I provided. Additionally, I think it would be beneficial to make this on a new line and have the "Complaint:" above it and the "submit" button below it.	Technology	5
Lost sucks. It's boring as fuck. The character development is so obvious it's boring. There was an entire episode about a girl with asthma	TV	5
stop making complaints for me delete it	Technology	5
Quinn needs to relearn powers of two	Friends	5
Sarah Wayne Callies should have continued on Prison Break. She was the only good female character.	TV	5
So the UTCS servers have a pretty serious bug. If you type in your password, it works. But if you type in your password followed by random characters, it also works, which is a pretty big flaw.	Technology	5
V4 engines suck they don't do anything	Transportation	5
Why is there a truck in the middle fucking lane	Transportation	5
What the fuck is a 14 mph speed limit	Transportation	5
The six flags park design sucks	Other	5
This madam mams menu design sucks	Food	5
I HATE Boyce Avenue. There's just nothing special about them.	Music	5
People need to record stuff w/ better cameras	Friends	5
The Facebook messenger app has too many damn permissions	Technology	5
Kerbey lane is SO overrated. So overpriced for food that's mediocre at best. Better idea--get some bisquick and cook that shit in your dorm kitchen. Much more worth it	Food	5
The only thing worse than kerbey is kins	Food	5
The ECE advising department is so fucking stupid. I swear they're literally paid like $50k a year to say 'no' to people	College	5
Shockwave flash player is the fucking worst	Technology	5
WHY THE FUCK ARE THERE SO MANY FUCKING CRICKETS EVERYWHERE	Other	5
I hate job application sites that make you upload your resume and then go through ten pages of stuff that repeats what is on your resume	Career	5
I also hate job app sites that give you info about the job but no link to apply for said job.	Career	5
why doesnt the vending machine have sour cream and onion chips :(	Food	5
when you ask someone a question and they respond several hours later saying they got distracted. and still dont answer the question	Friends	5
Quinn how are those expected releases coming along	Technology	5
BART is a piece of shit	Transportation	5
Yahoo mail is a flaming pile of shit	Technology	9
